# IAB Tech Lab Supply Chain Plus API Hash Usage


## Prerequisites:



1. **Python 3:** Ensure you have Python 3 installed on your machine. You can verify this by running “`python --version`” in the command prompt or terminal. If Python 3 is not installed, download it from [Python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/). \

2. **Required Libraries:** Make sure you have the `crc32c` and `base64` libraries installed. These are usually included in standard Python installations, but if they are not present, you can install them using ”`pip install crc32c base64`”.


## Running the Code:



1. **Save the Code:** Save the provided Python code (with chunk reading) as a `.py` file. You can name it something like `calculate_crc32c.py`. \
[Download from Github](https://github.com/InteractiveAdvertisingBureau/increasedCrawlFrequency/blob/main/calculate_crc32c.py) \

2. **Open Command Prompt or Terminal:** Open a command prompt or terminal window. \

3. **Navigate to File Directory:** Use the `cd` command to navigate to the directory where you saved the Python file. \

4. **Run the Script:** Execute the following command: \
`python calculate_crc32c.py` \

5. **Provide File Path:** The script will prompt you to enter the file path for which you want to calculate the CRC32C checksum. Provide the absolute or relative path to the file. \

6. **Get the Result:** After providing the file path, the script will calculate the CRC32C checksum and print the Base64-encoded result.


## Hash Matching:

Compare the hash provided by the server with the hash generated by following the above steps. If they match, the file has been successfully verified.
